Hi there! Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here.
I've often thought about making an original song,
and this so I found this app!
Tada!
While using this app to make a song,
I'm going to play with the various things it can do.
Well, this app,
With all it's various inputs...
It's all copyright free,
and you can easily make a completely original song!
I think it's an excellent app.
And so, let's get started!
First...
Cinema! Movie-like songs.
And?
I can't read English.
This'll do!
「ＥＰＩＣ　ＤＲＩＶＩＮＧ」
Ok!
Is 5 minutes-ish okay?
That's all?
That's all I have to do?
Ah! It's done!
And... play.
This song is like...
[What situation suits this song?]
like you've been found,
and you've nearly beaten an enemy,
[What situation suits this song?]
but that enemy's boss is strong,
and you can't call for help,
[What situation suits this song?]
like, "what do I do?"
Like your friends are dying one by one
[What situation suits this song?]
That kind of situation.
Let's do it.
Hey, Michael, are you ok?
Hey, Michael!
Michael! What's the situation?
Michael!
If you're alive, respond!
Please, respond! Michael!
I'm sorry...
It looks like I'm done for.
The golden and silver pine cones...
they found out about them...
Michael!
MICHAELLLL!!!
Like that.
It really made that? That song didn't exist before?
That was really well done, app.
Well, let's try some more.
Let's try for a more cheerful one this time.
So... classic rock!
Happy! Perfect.
Well then, let's make a happy song.
La, la, la...
Ah, looks like it's done.
From despair to 「HAPPY」
Let's play it.
That's definitely happy.
Kind of noisy.
This is hard.
[What situation suits this song?]
When would this play?
Hmm...
[What situation suits this song?]
It kind of sounds like a surfing song.
And so, let's surf!
I'm surfing!
Riding the waves!
The weather is so nice today!
I'm so cool!
I think I see some of my fangirls over there.
Feels good.
Ah, Michael, you're so cool!
Look over here! Wave to me!
*fangirls out*
Fine, I guess.
The kittens...
I guess I'll blow them a kiss.
Like that.
Huh, that's wrong?
Well, even I have a feeling it's wrong so...
Let's do one more.
Next is...
90's pop!
I can't read this English...
Bro...
ding?
Ok.
I need to study.
Let's try it.
What kind of music is this? Let's see.
I'm suddenly getting really sleepy...
This song is...
A 'meeting with your lover to talk about breaking up' kind of song, isn't it.
Like, they're involved with an affair...
and, it's been kept hidden
So wanting to speak honestly, the couple meet to talk about breaking up.
Let's do it!
Tiffany, the truth is...
I have a wife and child.
So...  It's over.
I can't see you anymore.
I'm sorry.
John! I don't care!
I love you!
Even if I'm second, or third to you.
So,
Can you still love me?
We can still see each other?
Hearing that makes me happy, but I'm sorry.
Really, I can't betray my cute baby and honey.
You've already betrayed them!
It's too late!
Even if you could go back,
it's pointless!
You know me, I'm gonna speak out to someone!
Everything we've talked about doing,
will be sent to your wife
With tears flowing,
all of your effort will be washed away into the sea!
Is that really okay?
Not only am I hurt,
but your wife will find out what you did.
You'll receive judgement from society
But you'd still cast me aside?
Is that ok?!?
That - uh, but!
Even so, my baby and honey are important to me!
Don't lie!
Just a week ago,
You said I was the thing that mattered most to you!
Didn't you buy me an apartment?
Uh, well, uh
People are looking.
Let's go somewhere else around here.
Let's calm down.
Let's go to that restaurant over there, and talk calmly.
[THIS IS BAD]
Like that!
You see people like that a lot!
So for the end, let's do an ending song.
So, let's use Amper Music to make an ending-like song.
Amper-chan, I'll leave it to you!
Everyone...
It's time for us to say farewell...
I...
Kizuna Ai...
I am NOT GOING TO RETIRE!
Too heavy!
Way too heavy.
It's like a real ending.
My real end!
Well then,
Amper Music, did you hear that?
Then, let's give it another go!
I'm not sure I like this. Let's try again.
Amper Music, learn what I like more!
More pop, and cute songs.
Got it?
Ready?
Let's go, Amper Music!
It's time to say goodbye, everyone!
Look forward to next time!
Bye bye!
This was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai! See you later!